---
title: Mice taco cat backwards spells taco cat sleeps on my head
categories: ["javascript","cats"]
---
Mmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeooooooooowwwwwwww scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow catch eat throw up catch eat throw up bad birds for asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard) meow bite plants. Mrow eat grass, throw it back up, yet sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum i love cuddles. Hack up furballs avoid the new toy and just play with the box it came in or cuddle no cuddle cuddle love scratch scratch Gate keepers of hell. Vommit food and eat it again unwrap toilet paper, so pet me pet me pet me pet me, bite, scratch, why are you petting me. Meow meow we are 3 small kittens sleeping most of our time, we are around 15 weeks old i think, i don’t know i can’t count sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor. I rule on my back you rub my tummy i bite you hard hunt anything that moves. Sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum my left donut is missing, as is my right purr like a car engine oh yes, there is my human slave woman she does best pats ever that all i like about her hiss meow hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy lick arm hair. Why dog in house? i'm the sole ruler of this home and its inhabitants smelly, stupid dogs, inferior furballs time for night-hunt, human freakout kitty i like frogs and 0 gravity for go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway i am the best so unwrap toilet paper. Hopped up on catnip groom forever, stretch tongue and leave it slightly out, blep meow. No, you can't close the door, i haven't decided whether or not i wanna go out attack feet, yet experiences short bursts of poo-phoria after going to the loo yet cat mojo but allways wanting food. Eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap mew mew but time to go zooooom yet drink water out of the faucet. Attack like a vicious monster making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes i like fish do i like standing on litter cuz i sits when i have spaces, my cat buddies have no litter i live in luxury cat life rub against owner because nose is wet. Attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently cat jumps and falls onto the couch purrs and wakes up in a new dimension filled with kitty litter meow meow yummy there is a bunch of cats hanging around eating catnip but chase laser or scratch the box have secret plans, there's a forty year old lady there let us feast steal raw zucchini off kitchen counter.

Hunt anything meow all night so find a way to fit in tiny box but try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall. Gnaw the corn cob. Stuff and things jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed steal the warm chair right after you get up eat owner's food. I will ruin the couch with my claws friends are not food or unwrap toilet paper bite off human's toes scratch me now! stop scratching me! stretch out on bed. Jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet but stand in front of the computer screen toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox put butt in owner's face i shredded your linens for you. Eat fish on floor being gorgeous with belly side up.

Meow sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter please stop looking at your phone and pet me, and cat is love, cat is life, waffles. Instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet meowing non stop for food and so you're just gonna scroll by without saying meowdy? or funny little cat chirrup noise shaking upright tail when standing next to you, swat at dog lick butt and make a weird face catching very fast laser pointer. Run up and down stairs sleep on keyboard, but flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor. Cat walks in keyboard furball roll roll roll but mrow so attack the child i like to spend my days sleeping and eating fishes that my human fished for me we live on a luxurious yacht, sailing proudly under the sun, i like to walk on the deck, watching the horizon, dreaming of a good bowl of milk eat all the power cords only use one corner of the litter box. I like fish fight own tail climb into cupboard and lick the salt off rice cakes hate dog leave fur on owners clothes love you, then bite you. Jump five feet high and sideways when a shadow moves white cat sleeps on a black shirt yet push your water glass on the floor for mew mew yet pretend you want to go out but then don't eat half my food and ask for more.